I have to tell you that I thought that
today Anabel Pantoja would release a
statement, you know what, that the
truth is that it gives me very bad vibes
in the sense that the Anabel Pantoja issue
seems to be
important, eh, it seems that the thing is
important. Raquel Boyo has
also left for the Canary Islands.
Everyone is already there. You guys simply
ask yourselves one thing. Okay, I hope I'm
wrong, but it seems that the thing is
quite important, eh, you
raised it, knocking on wood, of course.
No, let's not mention these things, no, but if
your child is
hospitalized, if your child is sick or is
hospitalized or whatever, the hospital takes care of it, the
parents take care of it,
the parents don't take care of it and at most the
grandparents, no, the grandparents are there
all the time, obviously not, but of
course, since your uncle goes, your cousins, they
travel from another city, no. Also, to
the Islands, no, it's not like to say. Well, you
take the car in a moment and it fits
in an hour, two hours, no, no, no, to the
Islands, okay. And it's not just you, your uncles,
your  cousins
but but your
uh you your friends to Raf and Isa They're
back Ah well Well look that could
be a good a good sign it could be
a good sign but so many people mobilizing
mm it's something big eh it's something big I don't know
what the truth is because it's that not of
course like playing guessing games
you can say a billion things and
maybe you'll be right or you'll not No but it
's serious it's serious eh I think that's
undeniable I mean the issue that the issue
is serious and the issue is big I think that's
undeniable I just want to say one
thing about Well this morning I was
talking logically with Belé no let's
see what Belén Esteban said is that she's
a little girl who was born well no the
delivery was normal arr it wasn't Ah well
Someone has posted the chat before that yes it
was Isa alone and Isa has already returned let's see is to keep
in mind that she's a little girl
that the delivery was normal the delivery
was without
problem the delivery well the little girl
as far as we know hasn't had any
complications she's been going up her
day  to day so it is true that it
puts a heart on the face not to the
girl the cover but come on you see a girl
here look with her kilos well you don't see
a girl who is well and it has been like
suddenly seriously fay says in x they don't stop
saying even rest in peace and
nothing is known the people are terrible But
because there are also many headlines out
there that you don't see eh There are many headlines
out there that you don't see
eh I have seen out there that are being
done but the same old things or rather
the same old things and the same old
headlines that I understand that you
have to play a little not there on the
line on YouTube not to gain visits
no and the more visits the better and the more
money we earn and and everything no but in the end
the trick on YouTube is to maintain your
community I mean if you eh go based on
atrocities And atrocities yes you are going to
have some peaks okay but they are peaks of
people who are entering because of the
atrocities that you have done or because of the
atrocities that you have put but then they are
people who are not chasing you I mean they are
not  they chase you they don't follow you they don't
love you they don't admire you no you
're not their community okay I mean I put
some names on Twitter you put
someone's name on Twitter and you put it
as most recent And you see that all the tweets
that they're putting about h or Pepe or
Manolo all the tweets are from people
speaking badly so one day you're going to have
repercussions but that is the
digital footprint that you are leaving no
that we all have successes And we make
mistakes and Surely I have made
mistakes and I have put an
unfortunate title many times Look at the topic
When a topic is
when a topic is so viral and that generates
so much interest no this is a topic that that
everyone this is a topic that is
getting visits yesterday we
noticed them in the live I mean
suddenly the viewers yes it's
true that we had it seems that they want
a tragedy to happen to have a headline let's
see eh yesterday for example no the
viewers that we had more or less
were the usual ones I think we were
at a peak of 2500 or something like that okay but
then yes it's true that  al at the
end of the live the live I think it
has 40,000 50,000 views no more than the
most we have lately that and
also I have been browsing through
YouTube channels and I have seen that there is a little surge
that suddenly YouTube channels
lately have been slow and
suddenly those that are releasing videos on
this topic, well they have a little surge
when they are viral topics and that
generate a lot of views, well it's normal
that you exploit the topic And if you
have to release videos every day about
Anabel Pantoja's baby being admitted
Well, you have to release them every
day and if you have to release two videos About
Anabel Pantoja's baby day, then you
have to release them because that is the topic but
for me Where is the limit eh For me
the limit is let's see the limit Where is
the a bit of a shame no eh man
that there is news mainly that there
is news I have not released anything
new on this topic today because there has not
been anything yes Now we are going to
sit here live to review the topic a little bit
let's see the collaborators eh
panelists giving their opinions on the subject is what we're
going to see now to see what
one has said and what
the other has said because maybe they have
called each other but
new headlines for me to have released today for
example three videos on this subject there are no no
new headlines there are no I
believed that Anabel Pantoja was going to release a
statement So I did think I
say nothing more than Anabel releases the
statement if it's 6 7 in the
afternoon today I had to do things
because I went to the ENT to have my
ears checked to have my nose checked
a little
and for checkups okay okay And then in
the afternoon it's busy but I say if Anabel
releases a statement whether it's 6 at 7 or
whatever then either I connect
live or I release a video but the
problem is when there is no news Mila
chimene dies Mila chimene dies Okay then
You release the news that Mira
Jimenez is dying but for 30 videos one death
doesn't give you do you understand the Daniel
Sancho case no, there are many people who say
the Daniel case  Sancho there were
new headlines every day there are people who
justify themselves saying oh but when
Daniel Sancho No man no No man no don't
try to justify the Daniel
Sancho case there are headlines every day that
if this came out that if that came out that
if the supermarket cameras that
later the lawyer spoke that then they
changed lawyers that I don't know what that I do
n't know how much but man who is dying
Who was it that died recently that there were
also people releasing 30 videos that he had
died that no no the death
of an elderly person a death and that's it, you
know or whatever But well in the end it's the same old people
and it's always the same And
that's each one of their condition and it will
always be like that eh No matter how much people
criticize and such, each of us does
things in our own way and we will continue to
do them always and we don't care okay
for me the key to YouTube is to strengthen
a community that trusts you, that
loves you with your successes, with your mistakes
and that understands when you make mistakes
also that you also recognize it no
also it's also about having a
very special personality no when you do
n't recognize the mistakes and
above all yes that basically that you don't
recognize T errors personality is
like that of The one that we will talk about
later JP Well let's see what
María Patiño was saying that she says that she had
spoken with Belén Esteban [ __ ] it makes me
feel sorry for Anabel man she must be going through what she's going
through right now What a tough guy I've been feeling sick
since yesterday
with this news I
just want to say one thing about Well this
morning I was talking logically with
Belén no and Belén said something to
me that really moved me María if you knew the
people who want fat friend
eh I can attest that it's not just the friends
who have moved the family who have
done the normal thing what Pantoja does what
any normal aunt does in a
situation especially what
Anabel has done for the
family if she knew that these are things that
don't belong to me How
Las Palmas has gone out of their way for Anabel
because it's not the place where she lives she already
lives in
Arguineguín How they have gone out of their way so that
Anabel And everyone around her doesn't lack
anything  It seems silly But that also has to
give like a lot of energy
I would put more emphasis on how
the family loves Anabel It is the only
mortar of everything rela because even
in tragedies like we saw in the
death of her father there are
disagreements there are people who do not want to
cross paths there are stories that are not overcome And
in this case eh It is evident that she has
the affection of everyone for a second You're
welcome there is one thing that Kiko is saying
that the truth is I have always
appreciated and that is that Anabel Pantoja with her
with her successes Javi seems sad and
tired María Jimenez then I'm going to
tell you things okay I don't know if I will
bore you telling my things always the
same every day but well I'm
telling you so that you know what's
happening to also transmit what
happens so that you are
aware and that's okay I don't know if it will
bore you if at some point you don't want me to
tell you things I won't tell you
okay
but I think that Anabel is a person
who with her successes and with  her mistakes she
is a loved person eh I mean people
love her people people like her they like her she likes
David the poor guy he must
be having a terrible time he must be having a
terrible time everyone [ __ ] imagine and
we don't know what it is they do
know They do know you liked the
video lo lailo I'm glad I was saying
before a little while ago
that we are going to we are going to
give the main Channel a go again no we have
had it all this month with with with so
many vacations no with so many
vacations we have had it a little
abandoned apparently in ni que fuera they have
handled the issue very well With much
respect Look 17,000 people pending
on ni que fuera they are handling
the issue of Anabel Pantoja's daughter superbly What a
good service they provide You're going to freak out when
I tell you now You're going to freak out now it's that
aco it's active let's see if there is Any
more news it's that there is no
news the truth